RHDEVDOCS-7458: Content creation for Cluster resolver migration task (#112625)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-troubleshooting-task-params-changed.adoc

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
//
// * create/migrate-from-clustertask-to-cluster-resolver.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="troubleshooting-task-params-changed_{context}"]
= Resolve task parameter changed errors

> Some tasks in the {pipelines-shortname} installation namespace have different parameters compared to the deprecated `ClusterTask` versions. This can occur when the task definition was updated during migration from `ClusterTask` to namespace-scoped tasks, or when custom image parameters were removed.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
As an abstract, this doesn't really introduce the content.

```suggestion
Tasks in the {pipelines-shortname} namespace might have different parameters than their deprecated `ClusterTask` versions. Review the current task definitions and update your pipelines to use the correct parameter names.
```

OR just

```suggestion
Identify and resolve parameter mismatches between deprecated `ClusterTask` versions and current namespace-scoped tasks.
```

Author: Fixed.
